as you know I am one of the producers on
your movie good boys
those were vases anyway you guys cannot
watch the trailer for your own movie
what you're too young
oh you've seen their movies like super
bad you saw that movie it is not aged
well guess you filmed it before I black
people existed huh I'm from Canada we've
also seen sausage party
you saw sausage party you made a cartoon
that's on you dude did you like it yeah
it was okay I fell asleep well you know
what I was gonna make some calls and see
what I could do but now y'all
[Music]
we're in sixth grade now we start doing
6th grade things I know what cocaine s
about get the out of your pee bag
boys only you little anipals been
watching Dateline she now knows what
cocaine is
hi let me be a beanbag boy I'll grow
tiny penis like Thor's
[Music]
tonight is our first middle-school party
doesn't make girls there you know that
means drama no kissing I'm out I'm
guessing you're not the popular kids in
school you do not want to go to Sora's
party not knowing how to kiss hey
stranger things go yourself I have
an idea I'm kissing are you 18 or older
[Music]
the guy didn't even want a kiss he was
just licking that woman's wanna
kiss an Mac no y'all from nature
oh we could spy on my neighbor she told
him then pull me man
she starts fires no she's a nymphomaniac
someone who has sex on land and sea this
is how we get the drone back
you took my bag oh my god there's Molly
in there throw it in the forest it's a
sex drug what if a fox eats it and tries
to a squirrel it'll kill him
littler no time to burn everything
if you don't get to that party I'll die
I'm fine I'll just live here you guys
are little badasses treating us like
kids for tweens
we know how things work in indoor swing
brain earrings that swing is for sexing
people do sex on don't know a lot of
kids parents of a CPR doll we can
practice kissing on that snap
you should never kiss someone without
their permission May I kiss you what do
you like about me sweet smell good
you're really pretty CPR doll I can send
[Music]